release/public-v5: update of scientific documentation (#519)
NCAR/ccpp-physics: physics/docs/pdftxt/suite_input.nml.txt

The SCM and the UFS Atmosphere access runtime configurations from file \c input.nml. This file contains
various namelists records that control aspects of the I/O, dynamics, physics etc. Most physics-related options are in
reords \b &gfs_physics_nml and \b &cires_ugwp_nml. When using the GFDL microphysics scheme, variables in namelist 

> \b &gfdl_cloud_microphysics_nml are also used. Additional specifications for surface property perturbation are in

Reviewer: Deleted since it is explained in bullets below.
```suggestion

```

> - Namelist \b &gfs_physics_nml pertains to all of the suites used, but some of the variables are only relevant for specific 

Reviewer: Move the bullet about \b &gfs_physics_nml  to first place since it is overarching.

parameterizations. Its variables are defined in file GFS_typedefs.F90 in the host model.

- Namelist \b &nam_sfcperts specifies whether and how stochastic perturbations are used in the Noah Land Surface Model.

<table>
<caption id="multi_row">NML Description</caption>

> <tr><th>Option          <th>Scheme                       <th>Description                <th>Default Value

Reviewer: I do not understand the word _Scheme_ as column header. Some lines say GFS_control_type, which is not a _scheme_. Rethink what information is being conveyed in this column.

<tr><td colspan="4" align= center>\b General \b options 
<tr><td>fhzero          <td>gfs_control_type          <td>hour between clearing of diagnostic buckets     <td>0.0     

> <tr><td>h2o_phys        <td>h2ophys*                   <td>flag for stratosphere h2o scheme                <td>.false.; set to .T. for all suites 

Reviewer: In the 4th column we can limit ourselves to saying what the default is. For suite-specific values users can refer to the suite pages.

<tr><td>ldiag3d         <td>gfs_control_type          <td>flag for 3D diagnostic fields                   <td>.false. 
<tr><td>qdiag3d         <td>gfs_control_type          <td>flag for 3D tracer diagnostic fields            <td>.false

> <tr><td>lssav           <td>gfs_control_type          <td>logical flag for storing diagnostics            <td>.false.

Reviewer: To declutter the text and to achieve consistency among the various lines, I suggest reviewing the table and eliminating _logical flag_ in favor of simply _flag_.

> <tr><td>cplflx          <td>gfs_control_type          <td>logical flag for cplflx collection              <td>.false.

Reviewer: Is _collection_ the best word?I am not sure what it means in this context.

                                                      </ul>
                                                      <td>1
<tr><td>bl_mynn_mixqt           <td>mynnedmf_wrapper  <td>flag to mix total water or individual species \n 
                                                      <ul>
                                                      <li> 0: mix individual water species separately 
                                                      <li> 1: DO NOT USE 
                                                      </ul>
                                                      <td>0
<tr><td>icloud_bl               <td>mynnedmf_wrapper  <td>flag to coupling SGS clouds to radiation \n 
                                                      <ul>
                                                      <li> 0: deactivate coupling subgrid clouds to radiation 
                                                      <li> 1: activate subgrid cloud coupling to radiation (highly suggested) 
                                                      </ul>
                                                      <td>1

> <tr><td colspan="4" align= center>\b Parameters \b related \b to \b surface \b perturbation \b options

Reviewer: Parameters do_sppt, dp_shum, and do_skeb are not about sfc perturbations.
```suggestion
<tr><td colspan="4" align= center>\b Parameters \b for \b to \b stochastic \b physics \b
```
